V4.10.0 (#382)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-wordpress-plugin: readme.txt

[hcaptcha auto="true" force="true"]
`

> Also, arbitrary form can be verified in ajax. Use `ajax` argument. There is no need to specify `auto="true"` in this case, as `ajax` implies `auto="true"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arbitrary forms can also be verified in ajax via the `ajax` argument. There is no need to specify `auto="true"` in this case, as `ajax` implies `auto="true"`.
```

== Changelog ==

= 4.10.0 =
* Added support for wp_login_form() function and LoginOut block.
* Added support for hCaptcha in HTML Gravity Forms fields.
* Added support for custom nonce action and name in the [hcaptcha] shortcode.
* Added compatibility with Cookies and Content Security Policy plugin.
* Added auto-verification of arbitrary forms in ajax.
* Added deletion of events on the Forms page.
* Added deletion of events on the Events page.
* Improved error messaging for hCaptcha verification.

> * Fixed IP detection in the WordPress core via filter, to sync with hCaptcha events information when the IP collection is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed IP detection in the WordPress core via filter. Now syncs with hCaptcha event information when IP collection is activated.
```
